Element web 2022 code style guide (#216)
vector-im/element-meta: web-code-style.md

> # Element Web/Desktop code style

Reviewer: What about promise-chaining (then/catch/finally) vs async-await

Reviewer: What about `React.Component::forceUpdate`? I think it should be barred from all new code, it makes it too easy to miss data updates

Reviewer 2: **Vote:** Should promise-chaining be preferred to async-await?

:+1: yes ; :-1: no ; :eyes: don't care

Reviewer 2: **Vote:** Should async-await be preferred to promise-chaining?

:+1: yes ; :-1: no ; :eyes: don't care

Reviewer 2: **Vote:** Should `React.Component::forceUpdate` be barred from new code?

:+1: yes ; :-1: no ; :eyes: don't care

Reviewer 2: Vote results:
- `React.Component::forceUpdate` should not be used
- async-await should be preferred to promise-chaining

> This code style applies to projects which the element-web team directly maintains or is reasonably

Reviewer 3: Assuming this does land over here, we should remove https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-react-sdk/blob/master/code_style.md and also update contributing docs at all layers to point here.

Author: plan is to do that, but first get alignment + find a home for it to live.

Reviewer 2: See https://github.com/vector-im/element-web/blob/develop/code_style.md

6. We aim for an understandable guide. We're not lawyers.

## Coding practices

1. Lint rules enforce decisions made by this guide. The lint rules and this guide are kept in
   perfect sync.
2. Commit messages are descriptive for the changes. When the project supports squash merging,
   only the resulting commit needs to be descriptive.
3. When there is disagreement with a code style approved by the linter, a PR is opened against
   the lint rules rather than making decisions on the introducing PR.
4. Rules which are intentionally broken (via eslint-ignore, @ts-ignore, etc) have a comment
   included in the immediate vicinity for why. Determination of whether this is valid applies at
   code review time.
5. When editing a file, nearby code is updated to meet the modern standards. "Nearby" is subjective,
   but should be whatever is reasonable at review time. Such an example might be to update the
   class's code style, but not the file's.
    1. These changes should be minor enough to include in the same commit without affecting a code
       reviewer's job.

## All code

Unless otherwise specified, the following applies to all code:

> 1. 120 character limit per line. Match existing code in the file if it is using a lower guide.

Reviewer 2: Should we add some info about the licence header (+ link to a template)?

Author: Will use the other thread to track this as a reminder.

2. A tab/indentation is 4 spaces.
3. Newlines are Unix.
4. A file has a single empty line at the end.
5. Lines are trimmed of all excess whitespace, including blank lines.
6. Long lines are broken up for readability.

> ## TypeScript / JavaScript {#typescript-javascript}

Author: Question: do we care about import ordering still?

Author: answer: yes, for now. The value is mostly in merge conflicts avoidance at the moment, and people have their IDEs set up to deal with it.

Reviewer 2: Already part of the doc: https://github.com/vector-im/element-meta/pull/216/files#diff-97f46bd1ed0e6dfce7a7002e96f72ecd446b90c5eb5f48d687dc2d9df856290cR241

> ## TypeScript / JavaScript {#typescript-javascript}

Author: @duxovni says:

> Do we have any official stance on double-quoted vs single-quoted strings in JS?

Author: Generally I think we prefer double quotes for strings and use single quotes strategically. For example: single quotes on empty strings to reduce confusion/noise.

Reviewer 2: **Vote:** Should we prefer double quotes to single quotes?

:+1: yes ; :-1: no ; :eyes: don't care

Reviewer 4: 1. I thought we already did prefer double quotes
2. Prettier's default is double quotes, so I'd go with that unless there's a good reason not to

Reviewer 2: Vote result: Going for double quotes

1. Write TypeScript. Turn JavaScript into TypeScript when working in the area.
2. Use named exports.
3. Break long lines to appear as follows:

    ```typescript
    // Function arguments
    function doThing(
        arg1: string,
        arg2: string,
        arg3: string,
    ): boolean {

>         return !!arg1 && !!arg2 && !!arg3;

Reviewer 5: Do we care about how these lines would get wrapped? e.g.,

```typescript
function doThing(
    arg1: string,
    arg2: string,
    arg3: string,
): boolean {
    return !!arg1 &&
        !!arg2 &&
        !!arg3;
    }
```

Reviewer 6: I think it's nice to wrap these in brackets so that they can be aligned

Author: we seem to be missing a rule that says the boolean operators are on the start of the line, so would look like this:
```typescript
function doThing(
    arg1: string,
    arg2: string,
    arg3: string,
): boolean {
    return !!arg1
        && !!arg2
        && !!arg3;
}
```

Reviewer 2: **Vote:** Should we add a rule that operators must be at the beginning of the line?

:+1: yes ; :-1: no ; :eyes: don't care

Reviewer 4: This would be another thing moving further away from Prettier style, so purely on that basis I'd say no.

Reviewer 2: Vote result: Tie. Send to discussion

Reviewer 2: Vote result: Operators at beginning of line

>     }

Reviewer 6: Should we ever do this?

```ts
    function doThing(
        arg1: string, arg2: string, arg3: string,
    ): boolean {
        return !!arg1 && !!arg2 && !!arg3;
    }
```

Author: I personal prefer the shorter lines, but I am aware of past opinions on this being more in favour of what's in the doc.

    // Calling a function
    doThing(
        "String 1",
        "String 2",
        "String 3",
    );

    // Reduce line verbosity when possible/reasonable
    doThing(
        "String1", "String 2",
        "A much longer string 3",
    );

>     ```

Reviewer 5: Also, do we care about how we’d wrap long function calls? e.g.,

```typescript
    something.doThing()
        .doOtherThing()
        .doMore()
        .somethingElse(it =>
            useIt(it)
        );
```

Author: yes, we do. As described by your comment :)

Reviewer 2: Added to the doc.

4. Use semicolons for block/line termination.
    1. Except when defining interfaces, classes, and non-arrow functions specifically.

> 5. Single-line blocks are permitted, so long as they don't use newlines.

Reviewer 6: NIT: I am having a bit of trouble parsing this - how could a single-line block have newlines?

Author: this is banned:

```
if (condition)
    return true;
```

it needs to be on a single line, or contain curly brackets

Reviewer 6: I think this would be clearer?

```suggestion
5. Single-line blocks are permitted, so long as they don't contain curly brackets.
```

Author: it's the newline that's the issue though? We also don't mind if someone write `if (x) { return y; }`

Reviewer 6: The problem I have is that the meaning of _single-line block_ isn't clear to me - a single-line block can't have newlines by definition, right? I might be just misunderstanding what it means...

Anyway, this is turning into a wasted time on discussing unimportant details... :sweat_smile: Be sure to count this as resolved, if it's clear to other people

Author: We can figure out the wording, yea. It's trying to make what I mentioned earlier illegal, but the doc is intentionally framed in positive affirmations :p

Reviewer 7: How about `Blocks without curly braces are permitted only when the statement is a single line`

Reviewer 8: `When a statement's body is a single line, it may be written without curly braces, so long as the body is placed on the same line as the statement`?

Reviewer 6: Yep, that's it - thanks!

Reviewer 8: Turning my proposal above into a suggestion we can directly apply, since people seem to be in support.
```suggestion
5. When a statement's body is a single line, it may be written without curly braces, so long as the body is placed on the same line as the statement.
```

    ```typescript
    if (x) doThing();
    ```
6. Blocks for `if`, `for`, `switch`, etc must have a space surrounding the condition, but not
   within the condition.

    ```typescript
    if (x) {
        doThing();
    }
    ```
7. Mixing of logical operands requires brackets to explicitly define boolean logic.

    ```typescript
    if ((a > b && b > c) || (d < e)) return true;
    ```
8. Ternaries use the same rules as `if` statements, plus the following:

    ```typescript
    // Single line is acceptable
    const val = a > b ? doThing() : doOtherThing();

    // Multiline is also okay

>     const val = a > b

Reviewer 9: We should add a point about operator linebreak for non-ternary expressions. `After` behaviour appears to be most common in our codebases.
Enabling operator-linebreak rule https://github.com/matrix-org/eslint-plugin-matrix-org/pull/26

Author: fwiw, the examples in this doc are normative. The proposal was to align on the behaviour shown here.

Reviewer 2: You can vote for it here: https://github.com/vector-im/element-meta/pull/216/files#r923428875

        ? doThing()
        : doOtherThing();

    // Use brackets when using multiple conditions.
    // Maximum 3 conditions, prefer 2 or less.
    const val = (a > b && b > c) ? doThing() : doOtherThing();
    ```
9. lowerCamelCase is used for function and variable naming.
10. UpperCamelCase is used for general naming.

> 11. Interface names begin with an uppercase i.

Reviewer 9: I thought we voted to remove this?

Author: we did - good spot.

Reviewer 2: Should we write `Interface names must not begin with an uppercase i.`? Otherwise discussions may start whether or not a leading `I` is OK.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
11. Interface names should not be marked with an uppercase `I`.
```

    !!stringVar || Boolean(stringVar)
    ```
18. Use `switch` statements when checking against more than a few enum-like values.
19. Use `const` for constants, `let` for mutability.
20. Describe types exhaustively (ensure noImplictAny would pass).
    1. Notable exceptions are arrow functions used as parameters, when a void return type is
       obvious, and when declaring and assigning a variable in the same line.
21. Declare member visibility (public/private/protected).
22. Private members are private and not prefixed unless required for naming conflicts.
    1. Convention is to use an underscore or the word "internal" to denote conflicted member names.
    2. "Conflicted" typically refers to a getter which wants the same name as the underlying variable.
23. Prefer readonly members over getters backed by a variable, unless an internal setter is required.
24. Prefer Interfaces for object definitions, and Types for parameter-value-only declarations.
    1. Note that an explicit Type is optional if not expected to be used outside of the function call,
       unlike in this example:

        ```typescript
        interface IMyObject {
            hasString: boolean;
        }

>         type Options = IMyObject | string;

Reviewer 8: For consistency with our new interface naming policy, we should probably remove the `I` here.

31. Export only what can be reused.
32. Prefer a type like `Optional<X>` (`type Optional<T> = T | null | undefined`) instead
    of truly optional parameters.
    1. A notable exception is when the likelihood of a bug is minimal, such as when a function
       takes an argument that is more often not required than required. An example where the
       `?` operator is inappropriate is when taking a room ID: typically the caller should
       supply the room ID if it knows it, otherwise deliberately acknowledge that it doesn't
       have one with `null`.

        ```typescript
        function doThingWithRoom(
            thing: string,
            room: Optional<string>, // require the caller to specify
        ) {
            // ...
        }
        ```
33. There should be approximately one interface, class, or enum per file unless the file is named
    "types.ts", "global.d.ts", or ends with "-types.ts".
    1. The file name should match the interface, class, or enum name.
34. Bulk functions can be declared in a single file, though named as "foo-utils.ts" or "utils/foo.ts".
35. Imports are grouped by external module imports first, then by internal imports.

> 36. File ordering is not strict, but should generally follow this sequence:

Reviewer 2: Should we add 1. licence header (+ newline) here?  

If we want to define an ESLint rule covering that we can have a look at https://github.com/Stuk/eslint-plugin-header . It supports patterns. Means we can configure a flexible year so that we don't have to update that.

    1. Imports
    2. Constants
    3. Enums
    4. Interfaces
    5. Functions
    6. Classes
        1. Public/protected/private static properties
        2. Public/protected/private properties
        3. Constructors
        4. Public/protected/private getters & setters
        5. Protected and abstract functions
        6. Public/private functions
        7. Public/protected/private static functions
37. Variable names should be noticeably unique from their types. For example, "str: string" instead
    of "string: string"

## React

Inheriting all the rules of TypeScript, the following additionally apply:

> 1. Types for lifecycle functions are not required (render, componentDidMount, etc).

Reviewer 6: Why not type them? What about member visibility?

Author: member visibility is now required on them (previously wasn't, but having some functions with member visibility and some not prevents us from turning on the linter in a reasonable way). Types aren't required because they're overrides, so can be inherited safely.

Reviewer 6: Ah, makes sense - _resolved_

2. Class components must always have an IProps interface declared immediately above them. It can be
   empty if the component accepts no props.
3. Class components should have an IState interface declared immediately above them, but after IProps.
4. IProps and IState should not be exported. Use `React.ComponentProps<typeof ComponentNameHere>`

>    instead.

Reviewer 8: We should remove `I` from these too, right?

5. One component per file, except when a component is a utility component specifically for the "primary"

>    component. The utility component should not be exported.

Reviewer 6: Does this apply to function components aswell? I think we don't really follow this rule for them and it often wouldn't exactly make sense to do so?

Author: It would apply, yes. One exported component per file, but files can contain multiple components (so long as only one of them is exported).

Reviewer 6: Ah, makes sense - _resolved_

            }
            return FooStore._instance;
        }
    }
    ```
8. Stores must support using an alternative MatrixClient and dispatcher instance.
9. Utilities which require JSX must be split out from utilities which do not. This is to prevent import
   cycles during runtime where components accidentally include more of the app than they intended.
10. Interdependence between stores should be kept to a minimum. Break functions and constants out to utilities
    if at all possible.
11. A component should only use CSS class names in line with the component name.
    1. When knowingly using a class name from another component, document it.
12. Break components over multiple lines like so:

    ```typescript
    function render() {
        return <Component
            prop1="test"
            prop2={this.state.variable}
        />;

        // or

        return (
            <Component
                prop1="test"
                prop2={this.state.variable}
            />
        );

        // or if children are needed (infer parens usage)

        return <Component
            prop1="test"
            prop2={this.state.variable}

>         >{ _t("Short string here") }</Component>;

Reviewer 6: This looks a little odd but I guess it's a personal preference?

Author: We have code like this in the codebase, so it returns to the mission statement of "current code + 10%" rather than "definitely better" :p

        return <Component
            prop1="test"
            prop2={this.state.variable}
        >
            { _t("Longer string here") }
        </Component>;
    }
    ```

> 13. Curly braces within JSX should be padded with a space, however properties on those components should not.

Reviewer 5: Is there a functional reason for this, or is this just personal preference?

Reviewer 6: Preference, as far as I can remember

Author: This is from the historical code style - I'd be happy to rip it out, but it's also caused enough fights in the past where it should be written down.

Reviewer 6: IIRC, we used to have both in the codebase but then decided to choose one to be consistent?

Reviewer 2: **Vote:** We should prefer to pad curly braces with a single space in JSX and properties.

:+1: yes ; :-1: no ; :eyes: don't care

Reviewer 2: **Vote:** We should prefer **not** to pad curly braces with space in JSX and properties
(opposite of the question above).

:+1: yes ; :-1: no ; :eyes: don't care

Reviewer 4: This is an annoying one because iirc we've been fairly good at sticking to this one so there's significant precedent. Prettier, however, does not pad them.

Reviewer 2: Going to add a third option here:

**Vote:** Keep it as it is „Curly braces within JSX should be padded with a space, however properties on those components should not.“

:+1: yes ; :-1: no ; :eyes: don't care

Reviewer 2: Vote conclusion: We will leave it as described.

    See above code example.
14. Functions used as properties should either be defined on the class or stored in a variable. They should not
    be inline unless mocking/short-circuiting the value.
15. Prefer hooks (functional components) over class components. Be consistent with the existing area if unsure
    which should be used.
    1. Unless the component is considered a "structure", in which case use classes.
16. Write more views than structures. Structures are chunks of functionality like MatrixChat while views are
    isolated components.
17. Components should serve a single, or near-single, purpose.
18. Prefer to derive information from component properties rather than establish state.

> ## (S)CSS

Reviewer 10: Should we require comments explaining use of `!important`?

Reviewer 2: Added to the doc

> ## (S)CSS

Reviewer 11: I'd recommend to rename this as we are not using SCSS despite the file extension we use.
We use plain CSS with a lot of PostCSS plugins. But in fact we do not have all the features available in Sass

Reviewer 2: Done

1. Class names must be prefixed with "mx_".
2. Class names should denote the component which defines them, followed by any context:
    1. mx_MyFoo
    2. mx_MyFoo_avatar

>     3. mx_MyFoo_avatar--user

Reviewer 11: I don't think we should ever define the context in which it's used. It's break reusability
Classes should define the function of the element and not the context in which it's used.

Author: This seems like a good thing to do, though our current code is heavily biased against the idea of purpose. For the style guide here, I think it'd be best to move forward with the context model and consider changing our CSS structure for a future, more desirable-shaped, style guide.

Reviewer 11: But this is another case of the `I` prefixed interfaces in TypeScript. Our codebase is heavily influenced one way but in here we give advices to do the right thing.
If we have a style guide saying this, I'm not sure we'd ever be able to move the needle here

Author: ~~sorry, I meant we have both in the code and picking one is a valid option: just not sure if we have an easy way to do that picking.~~

Edit: Wrong thread.

Author: I'd like to see more thoughts on this before we make a choice.

Reviewer 11: It looks like no one is very opiniated about this even after discussing during the previous weekly team meeting.
I believe we should go ahead with this as this improves maintainability by a great deal and no one seems to have reasons to decide against

Author: I honestly don't see the minutes for that discussion, but agreed that people don't seem to care enough to leave a comment.  

For clarity, is your suggestion to drop the `--user` bit from the style guide?

Reviewer 11: There was none, we asked people to comment on this.

No the idea is not to drop the `--xxx` bit, as this is aligned with what the BEM methodology suggests (which we are loosely following).

What I believe is that we should codify the naming of our CSS classes. In here it describes in which context it's used rather than what it does.
We use a lot of the time CSS classes like `mx_SpotlightDialog_input` (sorry this is the last example I have in mind), where this input has nothing to do with the spotlight dialog, which means that we will never be able to re-use that borderless edge-to-edge input in a different context.

We should favour the function of the component in naming rather than where it is used

Author: I'm failing to follow the proposed change, sorry. The doc here describes what we already do? BEM would be a different approach that I'd have expected some discussion on...

Is there a file which already exists that demonstrates what you're proposing we use for the code style?

Author: From internal discussion I believe we've determined that BEM is the way forward. Will codify this.

If this is an inaccurate representation of the conversation, please raise the concern loudly and urgently.

Reviewer 12: One of the issues, tiny or not, is that with BEM style the class name can be quite long if the component name is already long. This issue could be avoided with using shorthand ([see](https://mattstauffer.com/blog/organizing-css-oocss-smacss-and-bem/)), which will not happen though.

Reviewer 2: Closing this as a conclusion to the vote here: https://github.com/vector-im/element-meta/pull/216/files#r852730907 Using BEM now did not get any vote.

This does not mean we can have another discussion about this in the future.

>     3. mx_MyFoo_avatar--user

Reviewer 11: This look very very very close to BEM, but is not just quite right.
If we want to adopt this style of writing CSS, should we recommend using BEM as it's well documented and explained?

Line `3` would be changed to `mx_MyFoo__avatar--user`

Author: sorry, what is BEM? I don't imagine it's Blackberry Enterprise Manager, which is what my brain is autocompleting here.

Reviewer 11: Block, Element, Modifier => https://css-tricks.com/bem-101/

Author: Closing this thread in favour of https://github.com/vector-im/element-meta/pull/216#discussion_r852729609

Reviewer 11: The other discussion is not a duplicate, it's proposing something else.
We're currently using a CSS naming convention that is oddly close to BEM, but not quite. What I recommend is that we actually formalise that we'd like to use that, because that way we benefit from all the documentation that already exists in the CSS ecosystem for this tried and tested methodology

Reviewer 2: **Vote:** Should we use [BEM: block__element--modifier](https://css-tricks.com/bem-101/) for our stylesheet classes?

:+1: yes ; :-1: no ; :eyes: don't care

Reviewer 2: Vote conclusion: We keep it as described.

3. Use the `$font` and `$spacing` variables instead of manual values.

> 4. Keep indentation/nesting to a minimum. Maximum suggested nesting is 5 layers.

Reviewer 12: Could I know the reason why the number should be five, not six or seven? IMHO if the number which looks arbitrary is chosen, the reason for it should be explained.

Reviewer 2: I think 5 is just some reasonable number so that you nest a bit without running the risk of ending up in nesting hell.

Reviewer 12: I think so too, therefore I am not sure why not putting it into `Keep indentation/nesting to a reasonable number`.

5. Use the whole class name instead of shortcuts:

    ```scss
    .mx_MyFoo {

>         & .mx_MyFoo_avatar { // instead of &_avatar

Reviewer 6: I think we don't tend to make spaces here or is it just in my head? :sweat_smile: 

```suggestion
        &.mx_MyFoo_avatar { // instead of &_avatar
```

Author: The space has significant meaning - not really sure if it's correct in the example or not, but hopefully somewhat clear :p

Reviewer 6: Oh, my bad, I was confused, sorry for the noise - _resolved_

Reviewer 11: Given the code comment the space should not be needed, as it says we should not use `&` to make the selector shorter, but we should instead optimise for readibility

Reviewer 2: We should re-work this example because `& .mx_MyFoo_avatar` selects descendants  of `.mx_MyFoo` while `&_avatar` doesn't. Or is the PCSS behaving differently?

Reviewer 2: Resolving this conversation because the example is correct. If anyone wants changes drop a comment.

            // ...
        }
    }
    ```
6. Break multiple selectors over multiple lines like so:

    ```scss
    .mx_MyFoo,
    .mx_MyBar,
    .mx_MyFooBar {
        // ...
    }
    ```

> 7. Non-shared variables should use $lowerCamelCase. Shared variables use $dashed-naming.

Reviewer 11: I'm not convinced of this code style rule. But more importantly I would have no idea as a developer how to determine whether a variable is shared or not (not actually sure what that means?)

Author: fwiw, this is an attempt at standardizing what is in the code already - I'm very much not opposed to picking a naming convention and sticking with it.

Reviewer 11: Regardless of naming conventions, I'm not sure what a "shared" variable is, and how as a developer I can figure out whether I need to use lower camel case or dashed naming

Author: sorry, for clarity: picking one over the other is entirely valid, though making that decision is quite challenging. If we can figure out which one we want everywhere, let's do that. Otherwise, we can fix the wording here to better define when something is "shared".

Reviewer 13: I'm not talking about BEM at all in this thread.

I'm talking about how this example is a classic example of how we incorrectly (in my opinion) name classes. We name them based on where they are used rather than what they are. This breaks reusability and my proposal is to add some guidance in our style guide on naming to avoid this kind of patterns in the future

Reviewer 2: **Vote:** We should use `lowerCamelCase` names for our stylesheet variables

:+1: yes ; :-1: no ; :eyes: don't care

Reviewer 2: **Vote:** We should use `kebab-case` names for our stylesheet variables

:+1: yes ; :-1: no ; :eyes: don't care

Reviewer 2: Vote conclusion: We keep it as described.

8. Overrides to Z indexes, adjustments of dimensions/padding with pixels, etc should all be
   documented for what the values mean:

    ```scss
    .mx_MyFoo {
        width: calc(100% - 12px); // 12px for read receipts
        top: -2px; // visually centered vertically
        z-index: 10; // above user avatar, but below dialogs
    }
    ```

> 9. Use and define generic mixins when reusing styles a lot.

Reviewer 11: We should document here that we are using PostCSS mixins and not the classic Sass ones

Reviewer 11: Adding here that we should discourage the use of mixins as they are non standard and I am challenging their usefulness in our codebase.

CSS composition will for the very large majority of cases fit the bill

Reviewer 9: I'd also vote that we should remove this - if styles are being reused we should favour component composition

Reviewer 2: **Vote:** We should not encourage the use of mixins in our stylesheets.

:+1: yes ; :-1: no ; :eyes: don't care

Reviewer 2: Vote result: Remove this rule

21. Declare member visibility (public/private/protected).
22. Private members are private and not prefixed unless required for naming conflicts.
    1. Convention is to use an underscore or the word "internal" to denote conflicted member names.
    2. "Conflicted" typically refers to a getter which wants the same name as the underlying variable.
23. Prefer readonly members over getters backed by a variable, unless an internal setter is required.
24. Prefer Interfaces for object definitions, and Types for parameter-value-only declarations.
    1. Note that an explicit Type is optional if not expected to be used outside of the function call,
       unlike in this example:

        ```typescript
        interface MyObject {
            hasString: boolean;
        }

        type Options = MyObject | string;

        function doThing(arg: Options) {
            // ...
        }
        ```
25. Variables/properties which are `public static` should also be `readonly` when possible.
26. Interface and Type properties are terminated with semicolons, not commas.
27. Prefer arrow formatting when declaring functions for interfaces/types:

    ```typescript

>     interface ITest {

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
    interface Test {
```

2. A tab/indentation is 4 spaces.
3. Newlines are Unix.
4. A file has a single empty line at the end.
5. Lines are trimmed of all excess whitespace, including blank lines.
6. Long lines are broken up for readability.

## TypeScript / JavaScript {#typescript-javascript}

1. Write TypeScript. Turn JavaScript into TypeScript when working in the area.
2. Use named exports.
3. Break long lines to appear as follows:

    ```typescript
    // Function arguments
    function doThing(
        arg1: string,
        arg2: string,
        arg3: string,
    ): boolean {
        return !!arg1 
            && !!arg2 
            && !!arg3;
    }

    // Calling a function
    doThing(
        "String 1",
        "String 2",
        "String 3",
    );

    // Reduce line verbosity when possible/reasonable
    doThing(
        "String1", "String 2",
        "A much longer string 3",
    );

    // Chaining function calls
    something.doThing()
        .doOtherThing()
        .doMore()
        .somethingElse(it =>
            useIt(it)
        );
    ```
4. Use semicolons for block/line termination.
    1. Except when defining interfaces, classes, and non-arrow functions specifically.

> 5. When a statement's body is a single line, it may be written without curly braces, so long as the body is placed on the same line as the statement.

Reviewer 14: Is this open for reconsideration? It can be very easy to have these result in confusion and even bugs if you don't play close attention, especially as clauses grow over time.

I suggest removing this clause and preferring curlied blocks.
